How can individuals make their transparency more useful to others?

See simulating-others.txt for some related discussion.

So I think to allow others to simulate you well, you need to give out both specific beliefs/assumptions, as well as a style of thinking

but if you look at my online activity, you could make out my thinking style: writing lots of notes, collecting things, organizing things into timelines etc

but I think I am less good about presenting more of my beliefs and assumptions than some others (e.g. Bryan Caplan). Partly, this is because I have fewer "solid beliefs" about the world. but also I like to present myself by laying down facts and so forth more than laying down beliefs and arguing for a specific position.

also I get very little feedback on my transparency -- mostly I reason about this in terms of what *I* would like to see in *others*, and then trying to do that myself. (And if I saw a young person giving their beliefs on various topics without also doing a lot of "fact-based work", I would be suspicious...)

A way to request public thoughts on topics? There is a sort of
coordination problem where I would like to know something that
someone is thinking, but they might not know that I want to know.
And if I want an answer, it's easier to just ask that person. But
what if others would also benefit from knowing? It seems like this
sort of thing could be done publicly. Quora might be one solution,
where people ask public questions, and can "ask to answer".
Conversely, if I have limited resources to answer queries, how do
I choose what the most number of people want to know, or what the
value of that will be?

I'm curious about this from the perspective of trying to "map out
beliefs". I like how people like Brian Tomasik have a "general
beliefs about the world" page where they list their general
philosophical (and so forth) beliefs. Vipul Naik also has a page
about his general world beliefs. People like Bryan Caplan and
Eliezer Yudkowsky are active online enough (in the form of blog
posts or comments all over the place or whatever) that it's
possible for others to get a good sense of their beliefs.
